---
Date: 2023-04-17 07:00
Link: /journal/2023-04-17
---

# Monday, April 17, 2023

This site doesn't have a "dark mode" because I don't like dark modes and it's my site, so there! It's also a slight rebellion against the silly idea that  light themes "burn out the readers sight at night."[^1] Hyperbole much? Those are my reactive, contrarian reasons. The actual reason is that I'm lazy and don't feel like putting in the work. I understand that it can be an accessibility issue for a small percentage of people, so I'll get to it one day. Until then, the rest of you can turn down your monitor or wait until morning 😜. There's also RSS. 

[^1]: https://darktheme.club/

---

I dislike threads on Twitter and Mastodon so much. Cory Doctorow wrote a post called [How To Make the Least-Worst Mastodon Threads](https://doctorow.medium.com/how-to-make-the-least-worst-mastodon-threads-daa33943ac31) that offers a few tips to make them less awful, but they're still awful. He also, naturally, posted this as a [thread on Mastodon](https://mamot.fr/@pluralistic/110209314498880289) in which he basically broke up the Medium post into screenshots of the text. Sigh. 

---

I'm ashamed of how poorly I react to new information that doesn't fit my models or beliefs. I don't know how to effectively reduce my own bias. Time helps, usually.

---

I like the idea of Sourcehut and (most of the time) its bare-bones simplicity. But after many months I still cannot navigate the site to save my life. I may decide to consolidate back on Github.

---

I lean left, so DeBoar sometimes hurts my feelings because he knows how we can be:

> Look, I’m gonna level with you here. Like the vast majority of leftists who have been minted since Occupy Wall Street, my principles, values, and policy preferences don’t stem from a coherent set of moral values, developed into an ideology, which then suggests preferred policies. At all. That requires a lot of reading and I’m busy organizing black tie fundraisers at work and bringing Kayleigh and Dakota to fencing practice. I just don’t have the time. So my politics have been bolted together in a horribly awkward process of absorbing which opinions are least likely to get me screamed at by an online activist or mocked by a podcaster.
> 
> <cite>Freddie DeBoer, "A Conversation About Crime"</cite>

---

When buying a new vinyl record, it almost always includes a code to download the MP3 version. Why don't I get a free ebook version when I buy a hardcover book? I would like that.

---

