Date: 2022-06-23
Tags: Blogging
Permalink: /2022/tmi/
Icon: 🌀

# TMI?

The quote from Robert Greene that I posted yesterday has thrown me a little:

> [People] are far too present and familiar, their every move displayed on social media. That might make you relatable, but it also makes you seem just like everyone else.
> 
> Robert Greene

I don’t know how I feel about the idea that posting so much about myself makes me seem the same as everyone else. I always figured it showed how I was _different_. The very last thing I want to do is be just like everyone else.

I started writing daily notes [on my wiki](https://wiki.baty.net/) as an alternative to spamming social media feeds with my every passing thought. I moved them to [a separate blog](https://daily.baty.net/) because I thought that it was easier for normal people to read than the wiki. Then I [rolled them into baty.net](http://localhost:8000/daily/) and here we are.

But I sometimes worry that I share too much. I worry that there’s nothing left to the imagination. I honestly don’t know if this is a problem or not. I have days I want to burn it all down and [pull a _why](https://www.slate.com/articles/technology/technology/2012/03/ruby_ruby_on_rails_and__why_the_disappearance_of_one_of_the_world_s_most_beloved_computer_programmers_.html).

> I have a strong feeling that I will die young without artifact. That I will make no lasting impression. This will be my avenue. So hold your horsess I just have a few more things to do in life and I’m sure I’ll be out of your hair.
> 
> Why The Lucky Stiff

How could I ever re-invent myself if the self everyone knows is the real one?

The answer is unclear. I share things because it’s the best way I know of to be part of society without actually _being_ part of society. Sharing makes me feel known. It makes me feel like I exist. Writing on my blog rather than on social media feels like a different and better way to feel that way while still being different than everyone else.

I have no real intention of disappearing, but I am re-thinking what it means to be here.